Enter the no readers : 25
Enter the no Writers : 20
writer gets sem
writer writes 1 and releases
Reader gets sem
Reader gets sem
Reader gets sem
Reader reads 1 and releases
Reader reads 1 and releases
Reader reads 1 and releases
writer gets sem
writer writes 2 and releases
Reader gets sem
Reader reads 2 and releases
writer gets sem
writer writes 3 and releases
Reader gets sem
Reader reads 3 and releases
Reader gets sem
Reader gets sem
Reader reads 3 and releases
Reader reads 3 and releases
writer gets sem
writer writes 4 and releases
writer gets sem
writer writes 5 and releases
writer gets sem
writer writes 6 and releases
writer gets sem
writer writes 7 and releases
writer gets sem
writer writes 8 and releases
Reader gets sem
Reader gets sem
Reader reads 8 and releases
Reader reads 8 and releases
Reader gets sem
Reader gets sem
Reader reads 8 and releases
Reader reads 8 and releases
writer gets sem
writer writes 9 and releases
Reader gets sem
Reader reads 9 and releases
Reader gets sem
Reader reads 9 and releases
Reader gets sem
Reader reads 9 and releases
writer gets sem
writer writes 10 and releases
Reader gets sem
Reader gets sem
Reader reads 10 and releases
Reader reads 10 and releases
writer gets sem
writer writes 11 and releases
writer gets sem
writer writes 12 and releases
Reader gets sem
Reader reads 12 and releases
writer gets sem
writer writes 13 and releases
Reader gets sem
Reader reads 13 and releases
Reader gets sem
Reader reads 13 and releases
Reader gets sem
Reader reads 13 and releases
writer gets sem
writer writes 14 and releases
Reader gets sem
Reader reads 14 and releases
Reader gets sem
Reader reads 14 and releases
Reader gets sem
Reader reads 14 and releases
Reader gets sem
Reader reads 14 and releases
writer gets sem
writer writes 15 and releases
writer gets sem
writer writes 16 and releases
writer gets sem
writer writes 17 and releases
writer gets sem
writer writes 18 and releases
writer gets sem
writer writes 19 and releases
Reader gets sem
Reader reads 19 and releases
writer gets sem
writer writes 20 and releases
